README.md, before:

# Dichroic filter paper data 

This repository contains the following:

- Absorbing longpass 455 nm Edmund (?) filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "absorbing_longpass_455nm_air_no_cuvette."

- Absorbing longpass 475 nm Edmund (?) filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "absorbing_longpass_475nm_air_no_cuvette."

- Absorbing longpass 500 nm Edmund (?) filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "absorbing_longpass_500nm_73mL_cuvette."

- Absorbing longpass 500 nm Edmund (?) filter plots in air (no cuvette) in "absorbing_longpass_500nm_no_cuvette."

- Absorbing longpass 500 nm Edmund (?) filter plots, but they are comparison plots of no cuvette and cuvette measurements in "absorbing_longpass_500nm_no_cuvette_air_H2O_comparisons."

- Absorbing longpass 500 nm Edmund (?) filter plots in air (no cuvette--OLD) in "absorbing_longpass_500nm_no_cuvette_OLD."

- Raw data from the Lambda 850+ UV/Vis spectrophotometer in .CSV and .TXT formats of all filters in this repository in "csv_txt_files."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_73mL_cuvette."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and linear-alkyl benzene (LAB) in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_73mL_cuvette_LAB."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette." 

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots, but they are comparison plots of no cuvette and cuvette measurements in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette_air_H2O_comparisons."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots in air (no cuvette--OLD) in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette_OLD."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Knight filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_longpass_Knight_500nm_73_mL_cuvette."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Knight filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_longpass_Knight_500nm_no_cuvette." 

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Knight filter plots, but they are comparison plots of no cuvette and cuvette measurements in "dichroic_longpass_Knight_500nm_no_cuvette_air_H2O_comparisons."

- Dichroic shortpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_shortpass_Edmund_500nm_73_mL_cuvette." 

- Dichroic shortpass 500 nm Edmund filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette." 

- Dichroic shortpass 500 nm Edmund filter, but they are comparison plots of no cuvette and cuvette measurements in "dichroic_shortpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette_air_H2O_comparisons."

- Dichroic shortpass 450 nm Knight filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_shortpass_Knight_450nm_coated_noncoated_73mL_cuvette." This has six folders; three for the coated side and three for the non-coated side.

- Dichroic shortpass 450 nm Knight filter (EOS 50x50mm) plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_shortpass_Knight_450nm_EOS_coated_noncoated_73mL_cuvette." This has four folders; two for the coated side and two for the non-coated side.

- Dichroic shortpass 450 nm Knight filter (EOS 50x50mm) plots in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Knight_450nm_EOS_coated_noncoated_no_cuvette." 

- Dichroic shortpass ~400 nm (368 nm) Raytum filter (4 in diamter) plots in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Raytum_4_in_no_cuvette." This has two folders; the "coated" folder contains the coated side information and "substrate" contains sapphire information.

- Dichroic shortpass ~430 nm (390 nm) Raytum filter (77 mm x 100 mm) plots in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Raytum_B15_no_cuvette." This has one folder; the "coated" folder contains the coated side information.

- Dichroic shortpass ~450 nm (410 nm) Raytum filter (77 mm x 100 mm) plots in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Raytum_B23_no_cuvette." This has two folders; the "coated" folder contains the coated side information and "substrate" contains borosilicate glass information.

Commit message:

Add uniformity folders and plots

README.md, after:

# Dichroic filter paper data 

This repository contains the following:

- Absorbing longpass 455 nm Edmund (?) filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "absorbing_longpass_455nm_air_no_cuvette."

- Absorbing longpass 475 nm Edmund (?) filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "absorbing_longpass_475nm_air_no_cuvette."

- Absorbing longpass 500 nm Edmund (?) filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "absorbing_longpass_500nm_73mL_cuvette."

- Absorbing longpass 500 nm Edmund (?) filter plots in air (no cuvette) in "absorbing_longpass_500nm_no_cuvette."

- Absorbing longpass 500 nm Edmund (?) filter plots, but they are comparison plots of no cuvette and cuvette measurements in "absorbing_longpass_500nm_no_cuvette_air_H2O_comparisons."

- Absorbing longpass 500 nm Edmund (?) filter plots in air (no cuvette--OLD) in "absorbing_longpass_500nm_no_cuvette_OLD."

- Raw data from the Lambda 850+ UV/Vis spectrophotometer in .CSV and .TXT formats of all filters in this repository in "csv_txt_files."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_73mL_cuvette."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and linear-alkyl benzene (LAB) in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_73mL_cuvette_LAB."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette." 

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots, but they are comparison plots of no cuvette and cuvette measurements in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette_air_H2O_comparisons."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots in air (no cuvette--OLD) in "dichroic_longpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette_OLD."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Knight filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_longpass_Knight_500nm_73_mL_cuvette."

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Knight filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_longpass_Knight_500nm_no_cuvette." 

- Dichroic longpass 500 nm Knight filter plots, but they are comparison plots of no cuvette and cuvette measurements in "dichroic_longpass_Knight_500nm_no_cuvette_air_H2O_comparisons."

- Dichroic shortpass 500 nm Edmund filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_shortpass_Edmund_500nm_73_mL_cuvette." 

- Dichroic shortpass 500 nm Edmund filter plot in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette." 

- Dichroic shortpass 500 nm Edmund filter, but they are comparison plots of no cuvette and cuvette measurements in "dichroic_shortpass_Edmund_500nm_no_cuvette_air_H2O_comparisons."

- Dichroic shortpass 450 nm Knight filter plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_shortpass_Knight_450nm_coated_noncoated_73mL_cuvette." This has six folders; three for the coated side and three for the non-coated side.

- Dichroic shortpass 450 nm Knight filter (EOS 50x50mm) plots using the 73 mL cylindrical cuvette in air and tap water in "dichroic_shortpass_Knight_450nm_EOS_coated_noncoated_73mL_cuvette." This has four folders; two for the coated side and two for the non-coated side.

- Dichroic shortpass 450 nm Knight filter (EOS 50x50mm) plots in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Knight_450nm_EOS_coated_noncoated_no_cuvette." 

- Dichroic shortpass ~400 nm (368 nm) Raytum filter (4 in diamter) plots in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Raytum_4_in_no_cuvette." This has three folders; the "coated" folder contains the coated side information, "substrate" contains sapphire information, "uniformity" contains 0 and 45 deg AOI uniformity measurements.

- Dichroic shortpass ~430 nm (390 nm) Raytum filter (77 mm x 100 mm) plots in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Raytum_B15_no_cuvette." This has two folders; the "coated" folder contains the coated side information and "uniformity" contains 0 and 45 deg AOI uniformity measurements.

- Dichroic shortpass ~450 nm (410 nm) Raytum filter (77 mm x 100 mm) plots in air (no cuvette) in "dichroic_shortpass_Raytum_B23_no_cuvette." This has three folders; the "coated" folder contains the coated side information, "substrate" contains borosilicate glass information, "uniformity" contains 0 and 45 deg AOI uniformity measurements.
